A simple bot which exposes HTTP verbs over XMPP. Currently only 
really useful for HTTP debugging as it returns the unmassaged contents of the
response and doesn't allow you to send data. Both of these issues I plan to
address, along with adding a few other features:

* Convert responses to JSON or something else readable
* Adding a custom header to the request for user agent detection
* Allow sending of data for relevant methods
* Provide access to headers as well as content
* Provide a mechanism to register processors for responses, for instance validation routines or test searches

h2. Requirements

You'll need a couple of external libraries to make everything work correctly and deal with the low level XMPP bits.

# xmpppy
# JabberBot - http://thpinfo.com/2007/python-jabberbot/

Either place these in the same directory as the included files or elsewhere on your Python Path.

h2. Running

# Specify your username and password in the settings.py file.
# Run the daemon.py command without any arguments.

<pre>python daemon.py</pre>

h2. Thanks

The REST HTTP Client code was taken from a patch on http://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/5888 along with some modifications done by Stuart Langridge <http://kryogenix.org>.

The JabberBot framework is Copyright (c) 2007 Thomas Perl <thp@thpinfo.com> and released under the GNU General Public License. 

h2. License

Except where otherwise noted:

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.